Add entity class limit explanation to entities and license references (#2435)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.20/reference/license.md

## Entity limit

> Your commercial license includes the entity limit and entity class limit tied to your Sensu licensing package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your commercial license may include the entity limit and entity class limits tied to your Sensu licensing package.
```

An entity limit of `0` allows unlimited entities.
[Contact Sensu][8] to upgrade your commercial license.

> Your Sensu license includes two types of entity limits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Sensu license may include two types of entity limits:
```

- Entity limit: the maximum number of entities of all classes your license includes. Both agent and proxy entities count toward the overall entity limit.

> - Entity class limit: the maximum number of agent entities your license includes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Entity class limits: the maximum number of entities of each entity class your license includes.
```

> - Entity class limit: the maximum number of agent entities your license includes.

Author: ```suggestion
- Entity class limit: the maximum number of a specific class of entities (e.g. agent or proxy) that your license includes.
```

> - Entity class limit: the maximum number of a specific class of entities (e.g. agent or proxy) that your license includes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Entity class limits: the maximum number of a specific class of entities (e.g. agent or proxy) that your license includes.
```
